[TW-1293] Tagging limitations (#5068)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collaborating-in-postman/using-workspaces/managing-workspaces.md

## Tagging a workspace

> > **[Tagging workspaces is available on Postman Enterprise plans.](https://www.postman.com/pricing/)** You can apply shared tags to workspaces, collections, and APIs. Tags must be between two and 64 alphanumeric characters, starting with an alphabetic character, and contain only dashes and no spaces. You can add up to five tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **[Tagging workspaces is available on Postman Enterprise plans.](https://www.postman.com/pricing/)** You can apply shared tags to workspaces, collections, and APIs. Tags must be between two and 64 alphanumeric characters, starting with an alphabetic character, and contain only dashes and no spaces. You can add up to five tags to an element.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting this change to help clarify that each element can have five tags.

Author: Thanks, Matthew. I don’t think _element_ is necessary to add the word “element” because the remainder of the topic explains how tags are added, and _element_ might make the users think there is an extra component to look for.

> Add shared tags to workspaces lets you organize and search for workspaces.

Author: ```suggestion
Adding shared tags to workspaces enables you to organize and search for workspaces.
```
